Add section on keyboard shortcuts to HTML comments lesson (#25694)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: foundations/html_css/html-foundations/working-with-text.md

</p>
<script async src="https://cpwebassets.codepen.io/assets/embed/ei.js"></script>

### Keyboard Shortcuts for HTML Comments

Let's be honest, constantly typing `<!--` and `-->` tags on your keyboard takes too long. So, here are some keyboard shortcuts you can use to save you time and ultimately a headache:

1. **Mac Users:**   Command button and forward slash. Basically, <kbd>⌘</kbd> +    <kbd>/</kbd> 

> 2. **Windows and Linux Users**: CTRL button and foward slash. Basically, <kbd>CRTL</kbd> + <kbd>/</kbd>

Reviewer: We have a type here. `foward` should be `forward`

Author: Thanks

Author: Done

</p>
<script async src="https://cpwebassets.codepen.io/assets/embed/ei.js"></script>

<div class="lesson-note" markdown="1">

#### A note about HTML Comments

> Let's be honest, constantly typing `<!--` and `-->` tags on your keyboard takes too long. So, here are some keyboard shortcuts you can use to save you time and ultimately a headache:

Reviewer 2: @CBID2 I hope you bear with me here and I thank you in advance for your changes 😄 . Would you mind addressing the last thing above so I can review the final version and merge? 

Basically line 165 should be changed into an intro for the shortcut usage. Less fun but more descriptive for learners: 
My proposal that you are free to tweak to be more proper English than mine. for example: 
>"For starting a comment or converting a line to a comment, you can use the following shortcut in VSCode in your programming files"

> Let's be honest, constantly typing `<!--` and `-->` tags on your keyboard takes too long. So, here are some keyboard shortcuts you can use to save you time and ultimately a headache:

Author: Hi @ManonLef. Thanks for your suggestion. I noticed that the TOP lessons use a casual and humorous tone, so I think it would be best if the writing style in line 165 stays as is. I find that it makes the content more relatable and accessible, something that I don't see often in coding curricula.

>  **Note: VSCode shortcut for comments** 
> 
> Let's be honest, constantly typing `<!--` and `-->` tags on your keyboard takes too long. So, here are some keyboard shortcuts you can use to save you time and ultimately a headache:
> 
> 1. **Mac Users:** <kbd>CMD</kbd> + <kbd>/</kbd> 
> 2. **Windows and Linux Users**: <kbd>CRTL</kbd> + <kbd>/</kbd>

Reviewer 3: I am a big fan of adding this keyboard shortcut, so I greatly appreciate this contribution! 

However, I think the wording is too friendly and not as informative as it could be. In addition, I do not think we need to numbering or use bold for the shortcuts. In addition, I think "Note" is not needed in the heading because the surrounding styling suggests that it is a note. So I am thinking something along these lines (but feel free to adjust it):

```suggestion
 **VSCode keyboard shortcut** 

The following shortcut will create a new comment, convert any line to a comment, or uncomment any line:

- Mac Users: <kbd>CMD</kbd> + <kbd>/</kbd> 
- Windows and Linux Users: <kbd>CRTL</kbd> + <kbd>/</kbd>
```

Author: How does this sound @rlmoser99:
"If you find typing out comments, the following shortcut will quickly create a new comment, convert any line to a comment, or uncomment any line"?

Reviewer 3: I think it is missing the word "syntax".  

> If you find typing out comment syntax tiring

 **VSCode keyboard shortcut** 

> If you find tying out the Comments syntax tiring, the following shortcut will help you quickly create a new comment, convert any line to a comment, or uncomment any line:

Reviewer 2: Thaks for the changes. It does seem to have a typo:

"tying" should be "typing" I think

Author: Done

> If you find tiring out the comments syntax tiring, the following shortcut will help you quickly create a new comment, convert any line to a comment, or uncomment any line:

Reviewer 2: I don't think this is what you meant to type 🤔 

>If you find tiring out the comments syntax tiring

I think this should be:

"If you find **typing** out the comments syntax tiring..."

Reviewer 2: Also, would you still like the review from Kevin? I see you requested one but I think we're in the finishing up phase :)

Author: Good point there

Author: > I don't think this is what you meant to type 🤔 
> 
> 
> 
> >If you find tiring out the comments syntax tiring
> 
> 
> 
> I think this should be:
> 
> 
> 
> "If you find **typing** out the comments syntax tiring..."

Yes that's exactly what I meant. I'm tired so I'm exemplifying the statement lol 😂

Author: > I don't think this is what you meant to type 🤔 
> 
> 
> 
> >If you find tiring out the comments syntax tiring
> 
> 
> 
> I think this should be:
> 
> 
> 
> "If you find **typing** out the comments syntax tiring..."

Made the change
